README.md, before:

Side-by-Side
==============

### Load sites, side-by-side

[Download Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/side-by-side/bobidkladfnoamglfgpnllbkhjlhjlfb?hl=en-US)

![adjust](./assets/side-by-side_adjust.gif)

**Options**

A discrete options menu is located at the top (or left, depending on orientation) which allows the user to rotate the orientation, flip the position of panes, or add panes.

![options](./assets/side-by-side_options.gif)

| Rotate orientation of panes—left/right or top/bottom.        | Flip position of panes.                              | Add a pane.                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Orientation](./assets/side-by-side_options_orientation-crop.png) | ![Flip](./assets/side-by-side_options_flip-crop.png) | ![Add](./assets/side-by-side_options_add-crop.png) |



Build
-------------

| Command | Description |
|-|-|
| `$ npm run dev`   | Spin up Webpack watch task and development server ([0.0.0.0:1112](http://0.0.0.0:1112)) |
| `$ npm run build` | Compile (and uglify) only necessary files into .zip for upload to Chrome Extension Webstore |



Todos
-------------

- TODO: find solution to sites that don't allow "framing" (e.g. stackoverflow)
- TODO: support incognito mode (https://github.com/philc/vimium/issues/1544)

Commit message:

changed name 'Side-by-Side' -> 'Side|Side'; Documented TODOs in Github issues

README.md, after:

Side|Side
==============

### Load sites—side by side

[Download Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/side-by-side/bobidkladfnoamglfgpnllbkhjlhjlfb?hl=en-US)

![adjust](./assets/side-by-side_adjust.gif)

**Options**

A discrete options menu is located at the top (or left, depending on orientation) which allows the user to rotate the orientation, flip the position of panes, or add panes.

![options](./assets/side-by-side_options.gif)

| Rotate orientation of panes—left/right or top/bottom.        | Flip position of panes.                              | Add a pane.                                        |
| ------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| ![Orientation](./assets/side-by-side_options_orientation-crop.png) | ![Flip](./assets/side-by-side_options_flip-crop.png) | ![Add](./assets/side-by-side_options_add-crop.png) |



Build
-------------

| Command | Description |
|-|-|
| `$ npm run dev`   | Spin up Webpack watch task and development server ([0.0.0.0:1112](http://0.0.0.0:1112)) |
| `$ npm run build` | Compile (and uglify) only necessary files into .zip for upload to Chrome Extension Webstore |



TODOs
-------------

All TODOs, features, and bugs are tracked within [issues](https://github.com/frederickk/side-by-side/issues/).
